this is a somewhat bizarre and
unexpected moment in my life I'm back in
Tai Dome and this behind me I guess you
can't see it so well there this here
this whole property going up several
floors that is the house I moved into
with my ex-wife and my daughter back
when my daughter was still a tiny little
baby in my arms so if you've seen my
channel you've seen some the photographs
of me with my daughter some of the old
ones her as a small baby this was
actually the street we all lived on
together in tae dong eastern taiwan a
small town a small street on a small
town and i have a lot of a lot of
memories obviously from five years ago
and it was here that my ex-wife and I
made the decision to split up or you
could say in plain English that I
decided to dump her we decided to break
it off with her it's hard to be quite
explicit enough I get I get emails
complaining they say well you're always
vague who dumped - it's like okay so you
forced me to use the D word if we're
using the D word
it was indeed I dumped her and then
after we broke off
I was I was living here alone for a
short and memorable period of my life
learning Chinese and it was from here
that I explored tae-jong I don't know I
guess never thinking of return and now
five years later I have returned I used
to get complaints people asking why do
you only film indoors sitting at your
desk and we fly to all these fabulous
places all around the world France China
Thailand I don't remember where we've
been and most of my travel is
involuntary - it's not really saying I
want to do with my time so I have to do
so walking around this particular tale
in Thai dong now I'm seeing the shops I
bought furniture in when I was you know
together with my newborn daughter my
daughter is a small infant I'm seeing
various kinds of memories uniquely
linked to that time of my life in
different ways what the hell was I gonna
say in this manner
I'm certain at a point all right so
remember that was gonna say many of you
will not realize that this town tae dong
in Taiwan is where the genesis of my
youtube channel took place so the small
house we walk past and if only exterior
of the very first videos on this channel
were filmed with me sitting on the
staircase between the ground floor and
the upper floor of that tiny house so
max wife and I rented that whole house
and I've photographs too that I baby
proofed the whole place I put these you
know padded tiles on the floor so safe
for the baby to crawl around you wash
the hell out of the thousand the whole
place set up and me and my wife break up
and I'm there with no baby and all these
baby toys and the whole house baby
proofs is set up for a new baby this
this surreal situation so the genesis of
this YouTube channel and you know I made
a decision at that time it's a beta so
you look am I gonna be kind of loud and
proud am I openly gonna say you know I'm
divorced to have a kid this is my
situation or you know am I gonna present
myself as if I'm single and leave that
story off I made all those decisions
then and the very first videos in the
channel a lot of them were about
Buddhism some of them were filmed
sitting at a table upstairs remember
there's one about corruption in Buddhism
Islam but this channel began with a
weird mix of hope and hopelessness for a
new and different life here in Taiwan
Taiwan and five years later I'm back in
some ways my life has changed and with
Devon and that tiny baby that I held in
my arms here literally walking the
streets of Thai dong
while buying furniture and bedclothes
and all that stuff in first in the
department that tiny baby is now six
years old
[Music]